♪♪
- Hey, everyone, I'm Philip.
- I'm Wes,
and we're Wong Fu Productions.
And we're the directors
of "Single By 30."
This week, Peter and Joanna
find themselves
at a frat party.
Would you feel weird
if you were 30
and partying
with college kids?
Well, I am 30,
and last week,
I was partying
with college kids
- and it was weird.
- [laughs]
Awesome, so...
this is our first
college party together.
Mmm, and possibly our first
hangover together.
This is strong.
Let me get you one.
Oh, wait, uh, Peter.
Could you hold
my phone?
I ju--I don't have pockets.
You know?
So it's annoying.
- Yeah, sure.
- Thank you.
[music, indistinct chatter]
Who is that?
That is, um, Sarah,
the girl that I picked
for Peter.
How do you feel
about it?
Are you okay?
I mean--Oh, my God.
Look at Mark talking
to Crop Top McGee over there.
I'll be back.
♪♪